update getting involved page (#141)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfreeenergy.github.io: getting_involved.md

permalink: /getting_involved/
---

There are three ways to get involved with Open Free Energy:
 - Companies can join the consortium by contributing to the Open Free Energy Fund
 - Academic research labs can collaborate through membership in our Technical Advisory Council

>  - Individuals can contribute code on [github](https://github.com/OpenFreeEnergy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways to get involved with Open Free Energy:
 - Companies can join the consortium by contributing to the Open Free Energy Fund.
 - Academic research labs can collaborate through membership in our Technical Advisory Council.
 - Individuals can contribute code on [github](https://github.com/OpenFreeEnergy).
```

full sentences deserve periods

To get in touch, please email us at `OpenFreeEnergy@omsf.io`

Consortium
----------

> Open Free Energy is driven by a small team of professional scientists and software engineers funded by an industry consortium under the fiscal sponsorship of the [Open Molecular Software Foundation](https://omsf.io). Companies are interested in using our software are encouraged to contribute the Open Free Energy Fund, and the Fund's charter defines membership in different tiers based on the contribution amount. Members participate in our Advisory Board to guide the activites they fund.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Free Energy is driven by a small team of professional scientists and software engineers funded by an industry consortium fiscally hosted by the [Open Molecular Software Foundation](https://omsf.io).
Companies interested in using our software are encouraged to join our Advisory board by contributing to the Open Free Energy Fund.
The Fund's charter offers multiple membership tiers based on the contribution amount.
For more information, email us at OpenFreeEnergy@omsf.io.
```

Collaborations
--------------

Separately from the Advisory Board, we have a group of academics we call the Technical Advisory Council who advise us on scientific directions. If you are an academic investigator actively involved in developing free energy methods, and are interested in contributing your expertise to the project, you may reach out to us to discuss the possibility of joining the TAC.

> Contributions

Author: I changed all three headings to keep them parallel
